they say if you truly want to know
yourself look at your five closest
friends because you're a reflection of
the people you spend most of your time
with whether you like it or not like
them or not friends can do two things
either push us forward or pull us back
because you see as a young basketball
player I never really felt the need to
learn how to jump until all of my
friends started to dunk me and as a
young student I only really started to
get in trouble in class when all of my
friends started to flunk think about it
when you got your results who were the
first people you Arc's so how did you do
in English maths in art and you know
that we always assumed our grades were
okay
as long as we got more AIDS than our
mates but when it came to getting into
college did all of you guys get accepted
into the same place you see that's why I
say it's important to have friends with
benefits because if they don't add to
your life then they subtract from it and
if they don't do nothing - oh that's
just as bad because breaking even isn't
an exact profit listen as humans we look
at our surroundings and learn to adapt
to it so if you surround yourself with
bums would you expect would be that
outcome you end up full of because
life is too short to live for other
people's ideas that's the harsh reality
and whenever I use the term friend I
have air quotes because apparently I
have 30,000 friends on Facebook 200,000
on YouTube thirty three thousand and
twelve good when things hit the fan all
they ever did was like my picture so
wait am i implying contrary to popular
belief that you should only be friends
with people that can help you yes I am
he would I respect your identity and
decisions you choose to make in death
people that can help you grow because
true friends are people that benefit you
emotionally spiritually mentally and
regularly not a friend that cause you no
fun just because you believe to enjoy
yourself you don't always need to get
drunk not one that has sex and laughter
your virginity because you believe in
integrity not a friend that smokes that
makes you the butt of the joke when
you're opposed to conforming although
they know you're an athlete and
understand how it affects your
performance not a friend that puts you
down nine out of ten times whenever
you're in a crowd but then becomes your
best buddy where no one else is around
that's not a true friend but at the same
time remember one hand washes the other
before they can both wash the face so
before you can expect good friends you
have to learn to be one yourself and
that involves having morals that you
stand by and stick to you because as
Malcolm X said the man that stands for
nothing will fall for anything
so there's nothing wrong with having
friends with benefits so ultimately both
of you can find ways to benefit each
other peace